
In order to compile, run and use this set of additional solvers and libraries
you should be familiar with:

	- OpenFOAM (RTFM, Forum, Wiki, etc.)
	- git (RTFM)

Just in case something is not running out of the box and you'll need to fix it
at your own. In order to compile and run the libraries and solvers, you'll need
the OpenFOAM-1.6-ext version from the openfoam-extend.sf.net git. The sources
are distributed under the GNU GPL v2 or later. Especially the following
paragraph maybe important for further distributors:

ยง 6. ... You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients'
exercise of the rights granted herein. ...

In order to compile the solvers you have to use the latest MRF files, have a
look at:

	timeStepping/MRF/readme

For the CHT and FSI solvers you'll need the fix from the git branch:

	hotfix/multiRegion_dynamicFvMesh

Additional care has to be taken for the chosen Riemann solver and
multidimensional limiter. These are NOT YET runtime selectable! In order to
chose another Riemann solver, chose it in the createFields.H file and recompile
the top level solver. In order to switch between the Barth-Jespersen (BJ) and
Venkatakrishnan (VK) multidimensional limiter, chose it in the godunovFlux.C
file and recompile the top level solver (yes the top level solver as the
godunovFlux.C is a template).

If you think you found a bug or have any improvements, please use the public
Mantis bug tracker (DON'T contact me by private email - I have just not the
time to give you an individual support!) at

	http://sourceforge.net/apps/mantisbt/openfoam-extend/my_view_page.php

As the solvers are still in development, additional API changes are possible.
This might prevent to run some or all tutorials out of the box. Please feel
free to fix this at or own. If you have additonal improvements and write access
to the git (as an openfoam-extend developer), feel free to create a new feature
branch, according to the openfoam-extend rules, and push this to the git repo.

Many thanks to Aleks and Steffen for their support and patience!

Oliver Borm

